Prologue
 

MM… Oh, it’s morning? This is the usual time I get up, so I might as well log in for a bit.

I stretch and check to see if I received any messages while I was asleep. All it takes is a glance at the icon to see if it’s flashing, so it’s easy enough to tell.

After that, I’ll give my inventory a check and replace anything I’m running low on…but that probably won’t be necessary.

I think I’ll go for a stroll through town instead.

 

The real-life time in the world influences the in-game time, although it’s not an exact mirror.

I usually wake up at six in the morning. At that point, it’s dawn in the game too, and by 6:30 a.m., the game transitions to the afternoon. Morning, afternoon, evening, and nighttime follow a real-world pattern, while only weather is random.

Hmm. It looks like the rain came to pay a visit today… I guess I’ll abandon my plans for a walk and pass the time until school starts. All I have to do at school today is help out with the cleaning before our end-of-term ceremony, so we’ll be done with that by the afternoon.

Dawn in the game comes again at noon. The weather will change then too, so I’ll have to cross my fingers that I come home to sunny skies.

I finish getting ready and start to head to the front door, when…

“We’ll be out on a date today, so take this and buy whatever you want for lunch!”

“What about tonight?”

“I’ll buy you something,” I tell my sister.

“Okay!”

It sounds like Mom and Dad are spending the day on a date. Akina did have Moreburger for lunch yesterday. But what about today? Sushi?

“Conveyor belt sushi? Or the regular kind?”

“Hmm…we have to clean before lunch today, so let’s do conveyor belt sushi! I want quantity, not quality.”

“Okay. Let’s do that for lunch then.”

“What about yakiniku instead?”

“But it’ll take longer for us to get home.”

“Grrr…”

I know the three pillars of my sister’s life are meat, fish, and time for playing video games. I’m going to shower when I get home anyway, so I don’t really care where we go to eat.

“Well, make up your mind by lunchtime.”

“’Kay.”

She still hasn’t decided by the time we arrive at school, so I give up. I’ll let her make the choice by this afternoon. If that’s still not enough time to think, I’ll decide for her. Why did this have to be such a vicious struggle in the first place?

“Ah! Morning!”

“Morning, Miss Kotone.”

“Good morning.”

My friends from elementary school always act a little “off” around me, so I make a point of ignoring them when they do.

As we chat, my childhood friends Tomohiro and Suguru show up to class, followed by our teacher soon after.

“Okay, people! Time to take attendance!”

Naturally, this is a big school. We have people who normally do the cleaning around campus too, so once our teacher divides us up and assigns us sections to clean, we chat amongst ourselves and finish up in no time at all.

I head back to the classroom. The other students gradually return once they’ve finished cleaning their own sections.

 

After some time, Tomohiro arrives, and he looks like he’s in a good mood for some reason.

“Hey, Kotone.”

“Hm?”

“Let’s go on a date sometime.”

Everyone else in the classroom turns to look at us, but I just ignore them. It’s only a “date” because we’re a boy and a girl, I’m sure.

“Where to?”

“The beach!”

“I don’t know about that…”

“Ah, I mean in-game. Imbamunte in the south.”

“Hm? Ah, I see. A safe zone?”

“It’s super realistic there, and it’s beautiful too. It doesn’t cost any money, we don’t need our parents’ permission, and you don’t have to worry about getting sunburned. We can just sit there and relax.”

It’s true that a beach trip is kind of a big deal for students. But that’s not so much the case when the trip is in a video game.

“I’ll have to get a bathing suit.”

“I already have the materials. I was going to ask for Mr. Dentelle to make one. What kind do you want?”

“Hm… How about a bikini with a pareo?”

“The thing you wrap around your hips? What color?”

“Anything’s fine.”

“I guess Mr. Dentelle can take care of the color and design. I’m sure he’ll be thrilled either way, and since it’s a game, he won’t need your measurements!”

If he’s going to make me a bathing suit, I might as well just accept it. As for food, I’ll be sure to prepare sandwiches or something of the sort.

“Oh, one other thing. Aside from our date, what say we have a barbecue too? We can invite the people in our parties along with our other friends.”

“Hmm…I can prepare food, but I don’t have the materials to make the sauces we’ll need.”

The charcoal cooker from my cooking kit would be a bit too small for a barbecue. I don’t have anything like an iron plate to cook on, either… But most importantly, I have no barbecue sauce. It will probably taste plenty delicious with salt and pepper alone, but it’s just not the same.

“Hm… Kotone, isn’t it possible that because of your skills, you’re the only one who can cook meat?”

“Ah… That seems likely to me.”

“It’s not gonna work, then. Making one person do all the grilling is no fun.”

Having a barbecue with friends means everyone pitching in to grill the meat. That way, it becomes a fun group activity.

 

Our teacher returns.

“Great job, everyone! Since you worked so hard to clean up, I have a present for you all.”

“Free juice!”

“Ha ha!” Our teacher pauses for a moment. “No, it’s your homework.”

“Awwww!”

“I told you yesterday that this was coming!”

He certainly did.

“It’s a simple assignment to make sure you don’t forget anything. It’s not much, so get it over with quickly. All right. Dismissed! Don’t be late tomorrow!”

It’s still a bit before lunch. Did that sister of mine pick what she wants to eat yet?

What’s this? Oh, my phone’s ringing. It’s Eli.

Elizabeth…the daughter of the person Mom works for. She’s the real deal—the rich young daughter of a CEO. We’re also the same age and have been friends since we were little. I guess I should answer the call. She’ll want to speak English, but everyone knows I’m fluent in the language.

“Good day, Stasia.”

“Good day, Eli. What’s new?”

“Where are you right now?”

“At school. I’m about to eat lunch and then head home.”

“Go straight home. I’ll be there at noon.”

I gather my thoughts for a moment. “You’re here, aren’t you?”

“I have Abby with me too.”

“Abby” is short for Abigail, the daughter of the CEO my dad works for and my sister’s childhood friend, since, like Akina, she’s one year younger than me.

“So that’s why Dad had a bad feeling about something.”

“I’ll bet he did! What were you planning to eat, by the way?”

“My sister’s been trying to choose between sushi and yakiniku all morning.”

“Let’s make it sushi, then. I want some too. How about meat for dinner? Barbecue, right?”

“Ah, you haven’t talked to my parents, have you?”

“Of course not!”

“I didn’t think so. They’re out on some sort of date right now, so I’ll have to tell them not to bring us back dinner.”

“Oh, they’re not home? Hear that, Father? They’re not home, so you can’t give them a scare.”

So they really were planning on scaring my parents. But it’s just about time for lunch, and I’m starting to doubt if I’ll have time for a shower. I need to get home fast.

We’re probably going to need our lunch to be delivered instead.

“Let’s head home, Tomohiro,” I call out.

“Sure. Suguru! Let’s go!”

“Fine.”

We head for the gates and meet up with my sister and her friends.

“Big Sis! Let’s go get some meat!”

“I’m so sorry, but we’re going to have to wait until dinner for meat.”

“Huh?! Why?!”

“Eli and Abby are coming over, so we have to head straight home. It’s a surprise attack.”

“An ambush from an army of rich girls?! So are the CEOs coming too?”

If the daughters will be there, so will the parents.

“Our lunch choices have been reduced, but the quality will be much higher.”

“All right, I forgive you! Let’s get going!”

It’s the same members in our group as yesterday—Tomohiro and Suguru, as well as Akina’s friends, Yanase and Matsukane. We all head to my house, when two very conspicuous cars pass by us. Oh, wait, they’re stopping just up ahead. A woman wearing a distinctive outfit steps out of the first car.

Yanase and Matsukane both gasp. “A maid?!”

“Oh, you two have never seen one, huh?” comments Tomohiro.

That made me realize Yanase and Matsukane never happened to be around when the girls showed up for a visit.

“It’s been a while, hasn’t it, all of you?” One of the maids approaches us. “Although, I haven’t met you two before…have I? Please call me Colette.”

“I’m Yanase.”

“And I’m Matsukane.”

“Would you like to join us in the cars?”

“Huh?!”

I head toward the car, since we won’t all be able to walk together on the sidewalk.

All of us could fit between the two cars, but having Yanase and Matsukane take a car alone feels a little mean. Since Abby will be riding in the second car, my sister will choose that one.

“I can go with you two in Abby’s car!” Akina offers.

“That sounds good. Tomohiro and Suguru can join me in the front car,” I reply.

Those two have met our visitors several times already, so there shouldn’t be any issues. We get straight inside the air-conditioned car and take off driving.

The occupants of the car include a kind-looking old man; Elizabeth, AKA Eli, in a light and simple dress; the driver; and Colette, who stepped out of the car to talk to us earlier. Everyone inside is American, and they know me through Mom’s work. The car behind us is full of British people who know Dad.

“Look at you! You’re always so pretty!” says Eli’s father.

“Thanks, I appreciate it. I’m glad to see you look well.”

“I am! Although Japan’s always so very hot at this time of year…”

I certainly agree with that. It’s truly scorching here.

As we catch up, we arrive home in no time at all thanks to a quick car ride. I open the gates so that they can use our driveway, hand over my house key to Tomohiro, and walk over to my sister.

“Eli told me she’ll have lunch with us, and she’ll pay too.”

“Then why don’t you two join us?”

“Huh?!”

Akina drags Yanase and Matsukane into the house while I follow behind them. They both look rather stiff. That surely must be due to the overwhelming power of the limousine—a vehicle that anyone can tell is expensive at a single glance.

I wonder if those two will even be able to taste the delicious food we’re about to eat? They just seem so nervous.

Since it sounds like everyone is spending the day here at our house, I’ll order the food for delivery and then go take a shower. I’m sure they’ll have no trouble making themselves at home. I don’t need to show them where the parlor is… After all, they found my living room without any issues.

 

With my refreshing shower over, I head back to the living room.

Eli and Abby are both beautiful, but Eli has a “calm and cool” personality while Abby is perky and cute. Maybe it’s simpler to call them the tsundere rich girl and the little bunny rich girl. Not that Eli is actually tsundere, but you get what I’m going for. Or maybe thinking of them as a villainess and heroine works better…

By the way, Eli’s about one centimeter taller than me, while Abby is ten centimeters shorter.

“I haven’t seen you in so long, Abby.”

“It’s good to see you again, Tasha! I’m still just so jealous of your boobs!”

Most of the younger girls in my life love to hug me, my little sister included.

I see two large bags sitting in a corner of the room. What could those be? Eli spots what I’m staring at, stands up straight in an intimidating stance, and declares in a loud voice, “Tasha, you have a fun game you play, right? It took so long for Father to get his hands on it!”

It’s like our two hearts just became one.

My sister scoots over to the bags and peeks inside. “Whoa, it’s FLFO. You’re gonna play?”

“I’ll be playing as a rich young girl with blonde hair drills.”

“But isn’t that what you actually are?”

“I could never get my hair that coiled in real life! By the way, we’ll both be playing.”

“What? You’re going to have blonde hair spirals too, Abby?”

“Yes!”

“Ah, I see… But you have four consoles here?” my sister points out.

When I hear those words, I turn to look at the two CEOs.

“Sadly, it won’t be us joining you… It’s really too bad!”

“It’s awful!”

They looked truly depressed. But that could only mean… I turn to look at the maids.

“Yes, the two of us will be joining them.”

“We look forward to playing.”

The girls were bringing their maids with them. Their names are Colette, AKA Letty, and Dorothy, AKA Dory. They choose to wear maid uniforms because they like them. The black-and-white long dresses are a proper uniform for that line of work, after all, so they say they’re handy to wear.

Our height order starts with Letty, then goes to Eli, me, Dory, Rina, and Abby. Eli wears her wavy hair down just past her shoulders, Letty and Abby have shoulder-length hair, and Dory has hers up in a ponytail.

I remember the time I asked them if their maid outfits were too hot in the Japanese summer, but they just whipped out some ice packs wrapped in towels. The outfits allow them to hide things too, which, according to them, is a key benefit. They were quite insistent.

A real-life rich girl with blonde hair drills and a professional maid…or would she be called a lady-in-waiting? Regardless, there’s even two of this exact pair… How intense.

“Will we be able to obtain maid outfits in the game?”

“This is the only outfit we feel comfortable in.”

Is this the mark of a pro? Or an occupational sickness?

“Well…I’m sure you can find some…but we can at least have them made.”

“Dentelle would be happy to make them, I’m certain. The only problem is that since he’s the best, it’ll cost you a lot.”

Tomohiro is right. Mr. Dentelle will almost certainly make maid uniforms for them. He’s the very best of the best. Since maid uniforms are so famous, I’ll bet he’s already stitched up one or two. I can’t imagine there are many other people who go out of their way to seek them out as their outfit of choice.

The problem is probably going to be their own pickiness. In the end, they’ll almost certainly order their own personal uniforms.

“What about fancy dresses?”

“He’ll definitely be happy to make them, but I haven’t found any silk yet.”

“No silk? What about your outfit?”

“I was wondering about that too. Is it made of some kind of special in-game material?” Dad’s company CEO joins the conversation. He’s a designer, after all.

“That’s right. Judging by the description, it’s some kind of fantasy metal. It has that metallic luster.”

“I see…”

But wait. Why do they know about that?

“I saw the video, of course. I figured that was you, so I looked through it carefully.”

“I saw the commercial and the trailer too!” says Abby.

Ah, I get it now. They figured out who I am. That made them want to give the game a try, so they came to bother Dad, and now we’re here. What were they thinking?

RIIING!

Oh, that’s the doorbell. The food’s finally here. I check outside and confirm the delivery.

Everyone swarms the food and carries it inside. I snap a picture of the group gathered around the table to send to Dad.

After a while, I hear a ringing from the connect board belonging to Mr. Louis, Dad’s CEO. It’s safe to assume that’s Dad.

Mr. Louis checks the name of the caller and chuckles as he answers. As for me, I respond to a message from Mom and bring up the topic of dinner.

By the way, my family behaves the same way when we go to visit them, so it’s really all fair in the end.

 

After finishing the delicious—and expensive—sushi delivery, I see our four friends off. They seemed to have calmed down enough to experience the taste properly, so I’m glad I didn’t reveal our guests’ true identities. But Akina will probably spoil it later. Tomohiro and Suguru already know who they are, so there’s no need to worry about them.

As we chat, Akina races off to her room, letting me know she’s going to stream. I stay behind in the living room to watch her stream on the TV.

The livestreams translate different languages automatically, but that’s not necessary if you understand the language in the first place. Sometimes it mistranslates things too. It looks like she’s turned off the automatic translation when it comes to English.

To Eli and the others, Japanese has a lot of words in it and the automatic translation seems fishy to them, so they really appreciate this. They also think it could bring in more viewers from the English-speaking world.

They’re lounging around peacefully and watching the stream, which means it’s all right for me to go play the game for myself. I log in too.

I’m going to go visit the old woman at the general store.


Chapter 1:
Thursday
 

I LOG IN, stretch, and head to the general store. The woman told me to come back when I’d raised my Alchemy skill to its second tier, and so here I am.

“Hello. I’m back today as an alchemist.”

“Is that right? Then let me share this old soul’s wisdom with you. Have a seat.”

I sit down in the chair next to her, though I don’t know why it’s there in the first place.

“Let me first make sure you’re ready to learn, because I’ll start treating you like my pupil. You won’t be able to learn from most other alchemists after this. Are you sure this old granny’s the one for you?”

“I don’t know any other alchemists, and the wisdom from a pioneer—or rather, from an older person—will be very valuable. I don’t see a problem in choosing you.”

“Good. Then let’s start with the basics.”

Granny teaches me all the things I can do as an alchemist. “You can use cores you get from monsters, create items, disassemble them, and control which attributes you get when you make a new substance. That’s what it means to be an alchemist. What level are you now?”

“Right now, I’m…two.”

Wait, how did it get there? Did my Dark Rituals count toward my Alchemy level?

“Hmm… Ah, I see. Do you know Darkness Magic?”

“I do.”

“What about Necromantic Magic?”

“I learned that too. Is there a problem?”

“Is that right? No, that’ll do. Now that you’re an alchemist, learn Golem Training whenever you can.”

“Golems? That sounds interesting.”

“To put it simply, it’s a worse version of Necromantic Magic.”

“Oh…”

“Be sure to protect the secrets I’m about to share. If you don’t, I won’t recognize you as my pupil any longer.”

“I understand.”

“I’m going to tell you about Golem Training, Necromantic Magic, and how they relate to Chimera Creation.”

Oh? Chimera Creation? This sounds interesting too. The word “chimera” makes it easy for me to imagine what this is going to be like.

Golem Training involves modified monster cores to create the core for a golem. These golems will only listen to the simplest of orders. They can fight in an unsophisticated manner, but any coordination from them will be difficult. If anything, they’re great for straightforward tasks like carrying heavy objects, but alchemists throughout history have seen that behavior and researched whether it’s practical to use the creatures for combat.

The problem with Golem Training is that golems aren’t very smart. It’s their only flaw, but it’s also a fatal one. As long as they have mana, they can absorb materials around them so as to continue to function when their bodies break down. They’re perfectly safe as long as their cores remain intact.

The best way to start would have been to upgrade Golem Training. I also could have used taming if I simply wanted to control monsters, but that has nothing to do with the Alchemy skill. That was how the taboo act of Chimera Creation came to be.

“You used Alchemy to control their bodies, right?”

“Exactly. But it didn’t work out that well in the end, even if I did expect it.”

Living beings who have their bodies manipulated won’t listen to orders. Most alchemists end up killed by their chimeras. With the sudden changes to their bodies, it probably causes them pain when they’re recreated over and over again.

The biggest problem is that once the alchemist is killed, the crazed chimera remains. After all, unlike golems, they were once living creatures.

These poor chimeras resort to violence and begin destroying everything in their paths—be it other monsters, trees, or anything else. Anyone who remains oversees cleaning up after them. Depending on what it was made from, the chimera’s damage capabilities range from minimal to all kinds of extremes. They cause so much chaos that instead of being defeated by normal adventurers, it’s far more common for them to meet their end at the hand of knights sent out by the government.

“But the next problem was the creation of undead. It’s said that Stellura, the goddess of reincarnation, has full jurisdiction over the souls of the living. And that those of us here on the earth must never interfere. This was such a problem that the alchemists all came together, investigated, and quickly ruled that Chimera Creation was immoral.”

To put it more accurately, it’s not that they thought Chimera Creation was wrong in and of itself. It’s the combination of souls, creating an undead, that’s immoral.

“There’s two ways to go about Chimera Creation. You can combine a living being with multiple fresh corpses or you combine a living being with multiple living sacrifices.”

“I see. The latter isn’t accepted because it involves a fusing of souls.”

“That’s right. They don’t know how to function when the soul is fused to a different body. So in that case, all you have to do is fuse parts from the same kind of body…or so they say. People are always coming up with ridiculous ideas like that.”

Humans never know when to give up. After this, they turned their attention to the Summoning Spell, curious to learn the principles behind it. This eventually resulted in the discovery of Necromantic Magic.

However, engaging in true necromancy would make this another act of meddling with the undead. That wasn’t something anyone was interested in. Despite it being called Necromantic Magic, it’s more like the head of Summoning Spell fused with the body of Alchemy. Summoning Spell creates a growing brain, while Golem Training from Alchemy creates a physical body.

At that point, the rest came down to trial and error. That was when they found that using the powers of Darkness Magic was the most efficient way to utilize a monster’s flesh and bones as a catalyst.

“That’s why we combine these forms of magic to create a golem powered by something completely unlike the soul of a living being. Its brain doesn’t devolve even if it’s defeated, and you don’t have to worry about it being injured. Well…there’s still the problem of having to compensate it with flesh and blood, and considering the materials, it will never be anything other than undead in the end. That’s where the name Necromantic Magic comes from too.”

In other words, alchemists went off fundamentals and AI to use Summoning Spell, then added in Darkness Magic and Alchemy to use a monster’s flesh and blood, and finished off with the art of Golem Training to produce a body that could serve as a vessel.

Darkness Magic and Alchemy are combined for this act, which means Dark Ritual probably raises both skills at the same time.

“These days, Chimera Creation is still taboo, especially now that we have Necromantic Magic. Although that’s certainly not a bad thing.”

Now I understand the backstory here. I decide to ignore the question that was raised of whether skills were truly things brought about by gods. To be honest, I don’t really care. I think I’m going to ignore that mystery entirely.

Still, it doesn’t seem like there’s any value in attempting Chimera Creation. After all, you end up fighting the chimera you created yourself, and I’d be making an enemy of a fellow undead at the same time. If you beat the chimera, you must face an undead. If you lose, then the knights are deployed to exterminate it, right? Then the government will be after me too. And Granny will drop me as a pupil. I’d probably be making an enemy of every alchemist in the land as well. There’s just no upside.

I’m definitely fine just sticking with the Secret Art of Necromancy.

“Very well. It doesn’t sound like it has any merits, so I won’t be resorting to Chimera Creation.”

“But it’s a quick way to get a very strong servant.”

“Can you really call it a servant if it doesn’t obey you?”

“Hmm. Good point.”

“I’m an undead too, after all. I can’t be making my comrades into my enemies.”

She paused for a moment. “What’s that? Oh, that’s right, you’re an outsider. Hmm…”

“Ah, that reminds me…do you know of an entrance to the Nether?”

“Well, I’d like to say I don’t, but…”

“So, you do know?”

I only asked her on a whim, since it seemed like an old lady might know that sort of thing. But despite being the one to ask the abrupt question, I’m the one left feeling startled. It’s not every day that you meet someone who knows about an entrance to the Nether, you know?

“I don’t know for sure, but there’s a place I have my suspicions about. There’s a woman who works at the town church. She probably knows more than I do about it.”

“A church…?”

“You look like you’re at a pretty high level, huh?”

“Yes, I’m a High Undead. You can tell just by looking at me?”

“Undead who barely look different from the living are usually high-level zombies of some sort. I’d be more surprised if you weren’t at a high level. You have Purification Resistance, right?”

“I do.”

“That’ll be a big help, even at its low tier. Mid-tier will be enough for you to safely enter churches. Go pay them a visit, and feel free to say that Meghan ordered you to speak with Luciana.”

“Ms. Luciana, is it? I guess I’ll head over there after this…”

“Ah, that’s right, since you’re undead, I have something that will probably help you… Wait a second, I’ll go get it.”

This was the first time I’d ever heard her name: Granny Meghan. She strolls away briskly, unlike the slow shuffle I expected, and returns a minute later carrying a book.

“Let’s see… Here we are. Memorize this passage.”

“Oh…I was wondering how I was going to do this. I really appreciate it.”

 

You have learned basic Alchemy recipe: Parts

 

The Parts recipe is a way of repairing bodily damage. It looks like it’s the combination of core stones with living flesh (mid-level or higher). There’s a note written down as well… Quality reduces the penalty time that comes with a repair. A+ and higher quality lowers the vulnerability of the part after death? I’m so glad I know this now.

“Thank you very much.”

“I’m just getting started. Read all these too.”

My log fills up with a bunch of recipes again.

“These are the absolute basics. In other words, anyone on this path must know these recipes. If something doesn’t make any sense to you, come see me. I may or may not teach you more, depending on what you’re asking for. It’s important not to forget how to research things yourself, or your future will end up bleak.”

“I understand what you mean, but don’t you think that’s pretty harsh?”

“I don’t take a pupil in the first place if I don’t think they can keep up.”

“I see. What else should I know about, aside from Chimera Creation?”

“Let’s see… Have you used Alchemy Circle, the one you get at level 30?”

“No, not yet.”

“You start by looking at the cloth and tracing the circle with mana. But that’s only the beginning. You’ll be able to start using things you can’t place on the cloth.”

“Could that be the same as Chimera Creation?”

“Alchemy Circle is one way to do special circles like that. But don’t try anything crazy that you don’t know about yet. Remember that Alchemy is a convenient skill, but it comes with dangers too.”

“I understand.”

I decide to ask her for advice about Necromantic Magic while I’m at it.

“Necromantic Magic starts you out with a baby, basically. The creation will be slow-witted before it begins to learn. How it grows up depends on how you raise it. You can use it as a meat shield, sure, but what’s important is to not forget your feelings of love for it. Try praising the creation after a battle and be sure to remember what the skill has in common with Summoning Spell.”

“Got it. Thank you so much.”

“All right. Get going.”

She taught me all those recipes and the origins of skills like Necromantic Magic, so I feel like I got a lot out of this visit. I exit Granny Meghan’s shop.

 

Special requirements fulfilled. You’ve unlocked “Title: Alchemist’s Pupil.”

 

ALCHEMIST’S PUPIL

Become a student of Meghan from Starting Town.

 

That was simple enough.

I guess I should head to the church now. It’s somewhere northwest of the plaza in Starting Town. I’ve avoided it until now, but I’m beginning to sense the same thing I felt in Imbamunte. I ignore it and enter inside.

The church looks like…a normal place of worship. It’s a room with four statues and long pews. There appears to be another player here, praying in front of the statues. But suddenly, light envelopes them.

I’ve seen that light before… It wasn’t me, but Mr. Alf and Mr. Skelly who experienced it.

A woman with a pair of white wings emerges from the light.

“Yes!! I get to be an angel now!”

“Congratulations.”

“Wha?! Ah…Princess?”

“Good day. It looks like I just so happened to arrive at the moment of your evolution. The two of us are enemies, aren’t we?”

“No way, no way, no…way? Um…I guess I’ll upgrade my light magic.”

“So we are enemies.”

“Four times damage multiplier against dark attribute…”

“It sounds like we’re an even match.”

She pauses for a moment before responding, “Ah, I’m Cupid.”

“My name is Anastasia. Please feel free to call me whatever you like.”

“Certainly, Princess.”

I knew she’d say that…

We part ways so that the angel can go report this information on the forums. I have a feeling we’ll be seeing even more angels in the future.

I ask a nearby church worker if Ms. Luciana is around.

“Is there a person here named Ms. Luciana? Ms. Meghan asked me to meet with her.”

“Lady Luciana, you say? Please wait just a moment.”

The title of “Lady” must mean she’s important, right? But I still get to meet with her like normal… Well, it’s also possible that mentioning Ms. Meghan’s name has some sort of weight to it.

After I wait for a while, an old woman returns alongside the church worker. The old woman’s disciple robes are quite fancy and eye-catching.

“Oh my, what a pretty young visitor we have.”

“My name is Anastasia.”

“I thought so. Women who wear gray dresses are famous for being mild-mannered.”

“I’ve never heard that before.”

“That’s what they say in this town. So, what’s this about Meghan?”

“I’m an undead, you see, and I’m looking for an entrance to the Nether.”

“I see. So that’s why you came to pay me a visit?”

After a moment of thought, she points at a nearby chair, and I take a seat.

“I don’t actually know of it myself, but I’m at least aware of a place where you might be able to find it. I just don’t know for sure what state it’s in right now. After all, only Undead can see the entrance to the Nether.”

“This is the only lead I have right now, so a potential location alone is plenty.”

“Hmm…I see… All right. I’ll tell you where it is if you’ll do me a favor.”

“A…favor? I don’t mind, as long as it’s something I can do.”

“Can you use Laundry yet?”

“Yes, I can.”

“Then it’s absolutely something you’re capable of. What I need your help with is cleaning.”

“Cleaning?”

“Exactly. The place where I think the entrance can be found is to the northeast of this town, past the currently unused catacombs. I want you to clean up Stellura’s former temple—her place of worship.”

“There used to be a temple past the catacombs?”

“It’s been abandoned for a very long time. I’m sure it’s all run down by now…but it’s likely that the area around the statue, the church itself, is still intact. Clean it as well as you’re able to while you’re searching for the entrance, and that will be fine.”

 

Quest added: “Clean the Abandoned Temple” is now available.

 

CLEAN THE ABANDONED TEMPLE

Travel to Stellura’s former temple to the northeast of Starting Town and tidy up her place of worship.

Quest giver: Luciana

Reward: ???

 

Since I accepted the request in exchange for information, I imagine Ms. Luciana won’t have any other reward for me…which must mean the game will provide me with something else. It sounds like there might be some kind of secret to discover.

“I don’t particularly care how long it takes, so just be safe out there. It’s been a long time since the area was inhabited. These days, you might not even be able to navigate through it.”

“Have you heard any reports of monsters in the area?”

“I’m guessing there will be the undead types out there, but I’m not sure. Try asking Belstead’s adventurers’ union about it.”

She explains that a single statue of Stellura can be swarmed by the undead, which is why the old temple ended up abandoned. The current church now has statues of Stellura at all four pillars to prevent such an outcome. It’s one of those little bits of trivia you find throughout the game.

“But isn’t there a single statue of Stellura in the town square?”

“That one’s a little special because of how it was built and what materials it was made with. It’s a representation of the faces of space, time, and fate, but it also serves as a barrier for our very town. The statue in the town square has a different presence and color than the ones here in the church.”

“I see. So they’re not all ‘statues’ in the same sense of the word?”

The statue in the town square and the ones in the church really are different colors.

Ms. Luciana tells me she has to return to work, so I thank her and exit the church. I guess I’ll head back to the town square. The church is still working to purify me while I’m within its walls.

Catacombs to the northeast of Starting Town…that must be my home. The temple is supposed to be even farther past that, which probably means it’s in the forest to the north of Belstead, right? If that’s the case, it probably would be safe to get information from their adventurers’ union.

 

All righty. It looks like I’ve finished up everything I want to do. What next? Mr. Skelly isn’t around at this time of day, so I’ll have to tell him about things later.

Hmm…since I don’t have anything else to do, why not head to Belstead? There’s no time limit on the quest, but I’m still curious about that secret reward. I think I’ll go for it.

I watch a few members of the demon race heading for the church as I teleport to Belstead from the statue of Stellura. Then I head to the adventurers’ union.

“Welcome. How can I help you today?”

“Do you have any information about what lies past the forest to the north?”

“I really don’t recommend visiting that area…but I do have information.”

“It’s important to me. Could you tell me about the enemies there? A person from the church told me there would be undead…”

“You’ll find undead there, certainly. These are mid-tier classes of undead. They won’t be very intelligent, of course, since they’re not immortals, but as wild creatures, their instincts will be intense.”

“What does that mean, exactly?”

“Packs of armored skeleton wolves and the like will attack you together.”

The instincts of “wild creatures”? As an undead, that’s a bit insulting. But sure, let’s go with that.

Setting that aside, armored skeleton wolves? I’ve never heard of them before. They’ll be in packs too? That must mean they’re linked together. Hmm…Light Burst will hurt me as well, so dealing with them will be tricky.

For now, I take the information on the enemies.

 

ARMORED SKELETON

These skeletons are dressed in chain mail, making them more resistant to blunt force attacks.

Armored skeletons may wield either swords or bows and arrows.

 

ARMORED SKELETON WOLF

An armored skeleton in wolf form. Be wary of sudden Shadow Magic attacks.

 

REVENANT

A type of zombie without Decomposing Body. A tough foe with normal movement capabilities.

 

FOREST WOLF ZOMBIE

A northern forest wolf in zombie form. Forest wolf zombies also lack Decomposing Body.

 

FLYING SKULL

A skull that flies through the air, attacking those below with Dark Magic.

 

PHANTOM KNIGHT

A living armor foe who is extremely resistant to damage.

 

“Do you already have Identify?”

“I do.”

“Then be very cautious if you spot a leader or general. They’ll have command skills, which makes them much harder to defeat than normal.”

“Is there a chance I’ll run into them?”

“Definitely. If you plan to go there, you’ll need light magic, but learning Holy Magic would be even better.”

Holy Magic, you say? I could easily get hit by that too… I can probably ignore revenants, since we’re the same race. But if they link up with the others and attack me anyway, I might just crumple into a ball and cry. The wolf zombies sound intriguing. They’re fellow zombies, but will I really be able to ignore them as well?

I thank the receptionist woman and start toward the door, but I decide to retrieve some equipment before I go. I choose the iron equipment I earned when we defended Starting Town: a sword, spear, axe, dagger, greatsword, helmet, armor, gloves, and boots. I can use these for my Secret Art of Necromancy, so they won’t take up inventory space. I’ll take some monster cores along too.

I won’t know how strong the enemies are until I go there and see for myself, so I may as well start heading that way. I have over 40,000 gold on hand. I suppose I’ll buy some more veggies and pork intestines as well. That leaves me with a bit over 10,000 gold left.

Since I have 39 capacity now, I could do a summoning if I wanted to…but suddenly starting off in the second area like this seems like it will be tough for them. It’s still worth a try though. As for weapons…I’ll give them an axe and no armor for now.

In order to summon something, you must pick a spot and include key phrases of a summoning command and what kind of thing you’re calling for. But does it matter what order you say them in? Hmm…since it’s essentially calling for a servant to obey you, it’s probably best to use the imperative form?

As for the site of the summoning…that seems a little harder. I take out my rapier and point it at the ground in front of me. This makes it official, right? It seems like it takes a bit of practice to set the site of a summoning ritual.

“Come forth to me, skeleton!”

The Dark Ritual summoning circle…or maybe it’s an alchemy circle, since it uses Alchemy? Well, whatever. A black circle appears on the ground where I point my rapier, and I watch as a skeleton emerges. I see that it has an iron axe on its back and everything. From the outside, it looks like a normal skeleton—just a bunch of bones. I couldn’t really say it looks like something that can fight in the second area.

Should I arm it with iron equipment instead? Hmm…what about using a monster core or something? I take out the goblin core to show it, but I get what feels like a “no thank you.” The two of us can understand each other, it seems.

“Is that axe the only weapon you need?”

CLACK

Its neck made a little rattling noise as it cocked its head. Is it just me, or is this skeleton actually pretty cute? Wait, no, it’s still only level 1. I must question the skeleton in ways that are simple enough for its slow mind.

“Do you want a sword?”

CLICK

That was a nod. I also felt like it was saying “yes,” so that must mean it wants a sword, right? Well, maybe it’s too soon to know for sure.

“Do you want a spear?”

CLICK

“Do you want an axe?”

CLICK

Actually… “You’re fine with using any weapon?”

CLICK

Yep. Um… “You’ll learn to use whatever you’re given, so anything’s fine?”

CLACK CLACK CLACK

It’s very honest. What a proper servant.

It looks like my skeleton is very capable of responding. By the way, all I’m hearing is the rattling of its head when it moves. I can only kind of discern things through the secondary voice.

But I haven’t asked the important questions yet. It feels strange to ask the skeleton directly, but I’ll see what I can get out of it.

“Do you need a name?”

CLACK CLACK

That’s…a no.

“If I summon more of you, would you share a soul?”

CLICK CLACK CLACK CLACK

So it’s like a soul shared on the cloud? I see. That explains why it has to learn new items you give it from square one.

“You need time to get accustomed to things when you’re in a new body?”

CLICK

Of course, of course. It’ll take time for it to gain experience with any new weapon I give it now. But that also applies to its physical body. If I customize it, I think it will need to learn how to handle its weaknesses.

I thought for a moment about my next question. “Do you need monster cores?”

CLICK

“You do? So you won’t last in this state?”

CLICK

In that case, I should use Core Processing with my Alchemy skill. My goblin cores turn into monster cores (extra small). Then my elite goblin cores become monster cores (small), my troll cores become monster cores (medium), and my goblin general core becomes monster core (large). Now I have eighteen stones in total.

“Here, you can use these.”

CLICK

“All right…let’s give you a medium core.”

CLACK CLACK CLACK

I hand a monster core (medium) to the skeleton, and as soon as it sticks the stone in its mouth, the stone dissolves and disappears.

 

Servant’s level has increased.

 

Servant’s level…I think I get it. That seems to be a way of expressing the strength of my servants. Well, considering it’s at base level, this must mean the AI level went up. So that rises when you feed it monster cores? The skeleton went up four levels and is now at level 5.

If monster cores work, then what about orbs?

“How about this? Can you use these?”

CLACK CLACK CLACK

That was an intense rattle. “Here, take it.”

 

Servant’s level has increased.

 

Whaaat? Something’s not right here! My skeleton passed level 30?! Um, I need to call a GM… No, I’ll just send a normal message to Support.

I write up a question, asking if they can please confirm the amount of EXP my Secret Art of Necromancy servant just gained when I gave it an orb and if it was a bug or not.

I take my skeleton and its newfound power for a test of battle skills with a pigg.

“All right, show me what you’ve got!”

CLACK CLACK CLACK

It jumps up and strikes the pigg with a one-handed axe. I feel like I should also give it a shield, but the pigg’s actual attacks are easy to dodge. The skeleton’s having no problems. I’m sure its stats must not be that high due to its low skill level, but its AI level sure shot up. I’m not sure if that’s a bug or what, exactly. Maybe it was an increase in processing ability? Well, I don’t have anything to compare it to before the skeleton leveled up, so who knows.

“Oiiink!”

CLACK CLACK CLACK

Watching a cute cartoonish piggy engaged in battle with a skeleton feels surreal.

As I watch from the side, I see a message arrive from management.

So it really was a bug! I knew that was too many levels all at once. Let’s see…they say they’ll message me when they’re ready, so I need to log out, wait for their next message, and log in again.

The skeleton managed to defeat the pigg without any trouble, so I end the summoning, dismantle the pigg without absorbing it, and log out once I reach the town.

I do my stretches in the real world and log back in when I see another message has arrived.

The message informs me that my orbs will be refunded, and my servant’s level is being rolled back.

“Hi there, Anastasia. I’m GM Kuon.”

Oh, a GM showed up.

“We apologize for the bug you encountered and appreciate the report you sent in. In return, please select one gift from the following list.”

I have the choice of either 50,000 gold, a set of combat consumables (potions, etc.), a set of production consumables (materials, etc.), a one-hour skill EXP boost ticket (must be used within one day), and 3 SP.

The combat consumables set may as well be garbage for me…

“May I ask what the material set contains and how I retrieve it?”

“If you choose the production set, you’ll be able to pick which skill you want to use your items for. However, the items you’re given depend on your own skill levels. They’re not available to trade, of course.”

I see. So I can’t have someone with higher skill levels than me activate the gift and give me the contents. The admin explains that the combat set provides a different rank depending on my base level.

I have to be careful, since the EXP ticket disappears after a day if I don’t use it. It doesn’t say how much it will rise, but the increase depends on the skill. Maybe it would work well for first-tier skills? But at the same time, leveling those quickly isn’t too impressive.

“I’ll take the 3 SP, please,” I finally answered.

“The SP… You’re sure? You won’t be able to change your choice later.”

“I’m sure.”

“Very well. I’ll transfer you 3 SP.”

“Thank you.”

“Of course. Could you please confirm that you’ve received it?”

I check and see that I have three more SP than before. I got my orbs back too, and my servant’s level is now at 7 instead of 5. What’s with that?

“Is my servant supposed to be at level 7?”

“It looks like the EXP from the pigg battle is contributing to that.”

“Oh, I see. I only gave that a try because I thought you’d reset the level anyway.”

“Feel free to think of it as a small bonus. Do you need anything else from me today?”

“No, I’m all right.”

“Understood. I hope you continue to enjoy your FLFO experience.”

Kuon disappears into the air after that.

I summon my skeleton again. For some reason, Unit One is more slumped over than before. Is it because his levels were rolled back? There was nothing either of us could do about that. I give him one orb, three monster cores (medium), and five monster cores (small).

My servant gobbles them down and grows to level 23. Now he’s an adequate fighter for this area…or so I’d like to think, but the only thing that’s really grown is his AI level. I need Unit One to put in a lot more work.

Since he’s still ten levels lower than he was before the reset, I have him do some more pigg battling.

I feel like he’s reacting slower than before. He’s making decisions slower too, I think. There really must be some sort of effect on his processing power. Hmm…it seems like he’s got to put in a lot more work when his AI level is lower. Maybe I should be feeding him monster cores whenever I get them, since that’s what bumps his level up. That makes the orbs I regularly get much more convenient. It’s not like I use Libertà very much.

CLACK CLACK CLACK

It looks like he defeated the pigg. I’ll have him keep fighting as we head north.

 

Superior Magic Assist is now level 5.

You’ve acquired Overspell from Superior Magic Assist.

 

That came out of nowhere, considering I’m not even fighting. This must be my servant’s doing, since Space Magic is level 3 now too.

 

OVERSPELL

Doubles both the cost and effect of your next chant.

 

I see. That’s a pretty standard ability. I can already think of situations where I can make good use of it, like when I go hunting, for instance.

I enter the northern forest. It feels pretty much the same as the one to the south—not impossible to walk through at all.

I stop for a moment. Wait, what? Did I show up at a bad time? It’s almost night now. Well, I guess it doesn’t matter. I’ll get stronger just like the enemies will. In fact, as a High Undead myself, my modifiers are even stronger than the enemies. But I suppose that depends on whether I’m restricted by my base level.

Now that I’m thinking about it, I was so focused on what was past the forest, I forgot to ask about what I might run into inside of it.

Before me is a forest wolf—the kind that hasn’t turned into a zombie yet. Forest wolves are a type of dog that stand about a meter tall, with a bit of a green tinge to them. Wait, does this game include an active sense of smell? The answer to that question must be what determines dog races. Maybe there’s information about that on the forums.

Anyway, since it’s in my path, I need to deal with this wolf. I start by striking with my Dark Lance and then have Unit One stand at my side. I could have him protect me from the front if he only had a shield. But maybe it’s better to give him a greatsword instead of a one-handed axe so he can be a real attacker? Then again, we’re in a forest right now. I’m worried about how to maneuver… Maybe it’s not such a bad idea to have him do nothing but jumping slashes for now.

I tell Unit One to wait until the enemy is targeting me and use that opportunity to attack. He’s currently attacking a foe from behind. But the wolf, clearly irritated by all the hits, kicks backward like a horse, sending Unit One’s health straight into the red zone.

“Unit One!” I cry out.

In a normal game, the area around an enemy would be safe, so long as they weren’t using an AoE attack, but that doesn’t seem to be the case in this game.

Now that I know Unit One can’t be directly behind an enemy, I decide to place him diagonally behind enemies in the future. It might be smart to equip him with a spear to put some distance between them… This is tough.

I defeat the wolf while Unit One regains HP by resting.

“Let’s change up your equipment, Unit One.”

CLACK

I resummon him because of his low HP. I also try absorbing the forest wolf and go for a 2× summoning, since a 3× costs too much for me. This should raise his stats a little more. Unit One reappears with the Sword skill and a greatsword on his back.

I like having Unit One along with me, since he raises my Secret Art of Necromancy, Undead Unifier, Undying Royalty, and Royal Privilege skills. I’ll be sure my servant puts a lot of effort in.

“You’re going to stand diagonally behind the next wolf, Unit One. Understand? Once you attack, get away from it.”

CLACK CLACK CLACK

Good. We continue onward.

I want more capacity, but I’m also curious about what a forest wolf drops. Drop information…“forest wolf”…there it is. They drop pelts, fangs, and wolf meat? Yeah, I don’t need any of that. I can definitely just absorb it. If I want wolf meat, I’ll go hunting for it later. Wolves give one capacity, and forest wolves give three.

While I have the BBS up, I take a look at enemy information.

The other enemy is…aquilegia? They say it’s a plant monster with skeletal appendages hanging from it, and its weaknesses are slashing attacks and fire. Since they don’t move, they’re very easy to defeat. Their one annoying move is to suddenly wrap around you if you get too close, but we can just ignore them.

We press onward, continuing to defeat forest wolves. I spot several aquilegia along the way, but the information I read about them seems perfectly accurate, so I just pass them by.

Unit One, with his brand-new fighting style, is performing well as an attacker. That’s a good thing. I do see him miss the occasional attack, but since he’s up against wolves, that’s to be expected. I’m sure his stats aren’t very strong yet, so as long as he doesn’t die, I’m happy. I don’t have any extra capacity right now, after all.

That reminds me. When I use Dark Ritual, my Dark Magic and Alchemy skills go up, but Discern and Dismantle aren’t affected, right? This is tricky.

 

We arrive in the next area, so I recall Unit One. The enemies up ahead will be one grade higher than the ones in the last area, so I doubt my servant can keep up.

The area containing the ancient temple is still within a forest, although this one is much denser. I don’t expect there to be much light from the sun or moon in this place. It’s an unnerving forest full of the undead, where the living dares not enter.

That thing up ahead must be a revenant. It doesn’t have Decomposing Body either, so it kind of resembles a person if I ignore the tattered rags it’s wearing. Its gait is a little stiff too. Fortunately, revenants shouldn’t target me at all.

 

Suddenly, a diagonal red line tags me from above! I dodge it like my life depends on it. I look up to see a flying skull. Whew, that was close! Hmm…if it was using Dark Magic, then I guess I didn’t need to dodge its attack. Still, I guess it’s not a good idea to just let it hit me.

Just then, the revenant links up with the flying skull. It’s not attacking me, but I can still see the link marker. I’ll keep an eye on it, but for now, there isn’t anything for me to do about it.

I start up a battle of spells with the skull above me in the air. Of course, I use light magic, while the enemy uses Dark Magic. The main problem is that the skull just won’t stop flying. I’ll have to calculate the angle to shoot it from. The target preview line does appear when I start to chant a spell, but it only shows where the spell will land if I fire it at the exact same speed and angle. Changing either factor could mean I’ll just graze the enemy or miss altogether. That risk only goes up when the battle is being fought in the air instead of on land.

I use Royal Defense to handle the skull’s spells and fire back with Light Arrow and Light Lance. The lance works best against the enemy’s slow spells. It looks like two hits are enough to defeat it. The flying skull lacks durability and dies in only a hit and a half’s worth of damage or so. That’s not very good, huh? The other enemies require three whole strikes.

A few seconds after I defeat the flying skull, its link disappears, returning the revenant to a normal status. I can ignore the revenant now, so long as I don’t hit it with any of my attacks.

I undo my Inventory Expansion art from Space Magic because I need my MP back. I want to be able to use Boundary Control if I need to.

I see a quest marker in the center of this area, so that must be the ancient temple. I’ll head straight for it.

When I listen a little more closely to the nearby noises, it’s easy to hear a flying skull, since the only other sounds coming from above me are the rustle of leaves.

Maybe the enemy respawn rate here is pretty low? I think I’m the only one around. While I do have night vision, visibility still isn’t all that great here in the forest anyway.

Hmm…something’s here. That must have been my Instinct just now. There’s no way I imagined it…right?

Suddenly, my Danger Sense activates! Enemies jump out at me from three directions at once!

My Danger Sense shows me which directions I can dodge to avoid getting hit. Waltz is really putting in work. Danger Sense uses red lines to show the area of attack like in a traditional MMO, and I’m sure the accuracy only increases with its skill level. I would call this not just convenient for a solo player, but a necessity.

So these are armored skeleton wolves? They just used Shadow Magic to launch their surprise attack, and it was a closer call than I would have liked. I’m in a bad position, pinned down from three directions like this. Light Burst would probably get me out of this pinch, but I don’t want the light magic to take me out along with my enemies.

The wolves circle around me—or rather, they “triangle” around me, since there are just three. Ha ha! No, I can’t panic. I have to counter their formation.

I send Light Lance shooting out of the tip of my rapier and strike each of the wolves as they leap at me. Then I keep them away with a barrage of Light Ball and Light Arrow. I need to be sure they can’t find the right timing to attack me. Next, I change things up with Dark Burst. The wolves have some resistance to it, but my own Dark Magic is buffed. They can’t absorb or ignore it. When I see them flinch from the hits, I know it’s affecting them.

This is going better than I thought it would. Well, actually, they’re still grazing me quite a bit and whittling down my HP. I’ll need my automatic recovery skills to put up a fight. I’m at 60% HP already, so I’ll use my Dark Heal to recover. Now I’m at 80%.

 

Your race level has reached level 20. New race skills are now available.

 

Yes! These higher ranks are a nice treat. But now’s not the time to be checking over my skills. I make a note to look them over later.

Leveling up fully restores my health too. That’s much appreciated.

In front of me is a link between an armored skeleton soldier, an armored skeleton archer, and a phantom knight. They have a burst sword, a small bow, a mace, and a large shield between them. This won’t be fun.

Huh?! The archer spotted me! Aaaah, he’s running for me! He’s got a bow, so I can use Royal Counter and Royal Defense for any normal attacks. Arts allow you to easily repel attacks, but the regular parries are very hard to use, although not impossible. Danger Sense helps too, since it shows the paths where the attacks will land.

I shoot off spells at the archer until all the enemies reach me. I think I’ll stick with Boundary Control and Light Lance. How do you like that?!

Hmph, still hanging on? That’s level 36 enemies for you.

Phantom knights sure are slow, although I guess they’re still faster than me. The one attacking me uses Arrow Line…and misses entirely, hitting one of the trees instead. Ha ha ha! Bested by the power of trees! Undead aren’t smart enough to choose arts that suit the map they’re in. Is that the end for one such annoying art, here under the cover of branches?

Boundary Control has a longer cooldown, and the soldier with the sword is coming at me, so I shoot Light Arrow at the archer.

Now that I think about it, my fighting skills aren’t particularly suited for battles against skeletons. My main weapon is my magic, and my actual weapon is a rapier.

I use Break Parry to escape the oncoming soldier’s attack before jumping up into the air and firing off Light Lance while the enemy’s off-balance. Then I go in for a slash attack. Since he’s staggered, he’ll receive double damage for three seconds. But I still can’t kill him! He clearly has the right modifiers.

The phantom knight joins the battle. This is going to be annoying. He’s weak to blunt attacks and light magic. I can use the Penetrate art from Rapier, but that’s not strong against undead.

I’m still getting pelted with arrows, the phantom knight is blocking my path with his large shield right in front of me, and the soldier’s attacks are genuinely dangerous… Is this impossible after all? I’m pretty sure these are the main enemies that appear in this area…and they probably always spawn in this same combination. In other words, I’ll have to struggle through these fights if I want to continue onward. If only they were a cluster of three wolves instead! Then I could do it!

I block two incoming hits with Rapid Shoot, dodge a mace blow, jump to avoid the sword again, and farewell, soldier! Next is the archer, who’s on his last sliver of HP.

I have 60% HP remaining, so I need to heal when I get the chance. But first, I’ll hit the archer with Light Arrow… Hmm?! Wait, hang on! There’s a skeleton dog coming at me! There, there…good doggy… Argh! Hey!

I’ll just have to finish off the archer once and for all…if only this skeleton dog would please stop chomping on my arm! The phantom knight swings his mace down at me, so I use the skeleton dog attached to my arm as a shield.

I cast Dark Burst, then Light Arrow. Finally, I managed to kill the archer.

A canine arm shield is a pretty good defense against the mace. Farewell, skeleton dog. But farewell to me as well, as the mace is a blunt weapon. May I do a better job on the battlefield in my next life…

Oof.

 

Hello, new me. I’m home, in Starting Town.

 

Death Penalty: All stats temporarily reduced, lowered EXP gain rate, half of gold on hand removed.

You have lost your left arm.

 

Farewell, left arm. The left one again, huh? I seem to lose that one all the time. Well, perhaps that’s an exaggeration.

“Ah! Hey, Sis!”

“Huh? Oh, Rina.”

“Sis! Where’s your arm?!”

“I lost it. Please congratulate me.”

“That’s not really worth congratulating…”

Time to use some parts. I select dark parts and then go to the left arm section. When I press the new arm that appears into the missing spot, it fuses back into my body. For the next three hours, my left arm won’t be as responsive when I use it.

I place the ring and vambrace in my inventory back on my arm, and then I’m good as new.

“Sis is back from the dead… Where’d you die?”

“The third area. It was too much for me, both in level and in location.”

“Ah…next to the second area, then. You die if you get surrounded there, right?”

“Yeah. I couldn’t make it out alive once reinforcements showed up.”

“You went solo?”

“I just wanted to check the place out.”

I use Inventory Expansion from Space Magic again.

It’s almost time for dinner IRL. I’m sure Mom and Dad are home already, and I may as well log out while my death penalties are active. I say goodbye to my sister, head to the inn, and log out.

 

Mom and Dad are in the living room when I arrive…but why are they drinking already? The drivers are drinking too. I guess our guests have no intention of leaving anytime soon…not that I expected them to leave in the first place. I don’t see the maids around, though.

I grab a juice and tune in to Akina’s livestream. She has over 10,000 viewers right now. That’s even more eyes on her than the principal gets during a school-wide assembly. It looks like Akina’s escorting Ms. Primura while she goes out to gather supplies in Imbamunte.

Ms. Primura does carpentry, so Rina would normally be with Mr. Ertz, the blacksmith, but I guess her party must have needed Ms. Primura’s help. Ms. Nadia and Ms. Helen do carpentry too, as I recall.

Ms. Nadia and Ms. Helen show up to help out along the way.

“Those are the two girls who ate lunch with us here. Ms. Yanase is Nadia, with the ukulele; and Ms. Matsukane is Helen, with the bow,” I explain to my parents.

“Oh, so that’s who they are.”

I watch the stream while I steal the snacks that are meant to go along with the adults’ alcohol. Meanwhile, the maids return. It looks like they were out shopping…in their maid uniforms. They bring us ingredients for dinner, snacks, liquor, and juice.

 

Dinner prep ends up involving nothing more than setting up the grill in the garden. Dad is preparing the meat as a main dish while the maids take the job of skewering it. I suppose I should call Rina down via chat comment. “Dinner’s ready, Rina.” The purple text goes passing by. It looks like she chose that color for my comments in advance.

“Yay! It’s meat time!”

“Come out to the garden.”

“We’re really having a barbecue, aren’t we?”

“Barbecue…in the garden?!” A bunch of chat comments expressing their shock get posted all at once, but I’ll leave my sister to handle them.

I light the grill, prepare water, and begin to cook.

“Meat!”

“Here’s your tofu.”

“Tofu…? Oh, soybeans—meat of the earth. Well, at least you didn’t just hand me plain soybeans.”

“And here’s your soy sauce.”

Tofu makes for a wonderful palate cleanser, although I suppose I made her eat it before she had anything else. All I did was find it in the fridge.

 

I take out the meat Dad had prepared and salted.

Then I change it up a little in a way that most families probably don’t do for a barbecue. I apply a spice rub of sugar and other seasonings to the meat and smoke it at a low temperature.

All that’s left is to let it cook now. I coat it with a little sauce and fire up the grill.

 

Along with the sounds of the sizzling meat, I can also hear a conversation between Mom and her boss, Mr. Noah.

“So why’d you come all the way here?” Mom asks him.

“Because I wanted to try something new, of course.”

“What do you mean?”

“Companies with special patents are currently in negotiations with Future Software. Maybe not as a friend but as a CEO…I want to scout little Tasha!”

Huh? I know Mom already told him not to scout me, since I get to decide my own future…but now he wants me as a CEO? Did something happen that I’m forgetting about?

Mom is now jokingly strangling him.

“Do you know what he’s talking about, Eli?”

“Mm…I haven’t asked him directly, but I have a general idea.”

“Hmm?”

“Do you like fantasy stuff, Tasha?”

“I suppose I don’t hate it.”

“You’d never play that game if you hated it.”

“That’s true.”

She’s nodding her head like this pleases her, but I still have no idea what we’re talking about.

“Father. Explain it to her, please,” Eli requested.

“Right… But first…Tasha, could you…get your mother to…let me go?”

Mom’s still got a grip on him? Well, it sounds like Mr. Noah is ready to tell me about it now.

“Oof… Ah, I have to keep it quiet for a while still. It’s a state secret!”

“Liar. This is company business, right?”

“Well, to put it as simply as possible, it’s about VR idols.”

“Idols?”

How is Mom even capable of a growl like that?

“Was that too simple?”

“Father…an idol refers to something else, you know.”

“Then maybe ‘VR actress’ would be more accurate?”

I decide to ask for more details, since this is about my future, and I learn that new FDVR technology is being used to make movies.

In other words, once Mr. Noah saw how realistic Future Software’s commercials, trailers, and livestreams were, he theorized that the content could be recorded and turned into movies.

The only problem is that an FDVR movie would have to consist entirely of stuntmen, essentially. It’s nothing more than having a flashy playstyle, which makes things hard on the actress. But if you replace the actress with a stuntwoman, then you need to dub over the whole thing, making this no easy endeavor.

“To me that sounds impossible,” I say.

“Yeah…it is.” Mom doesn’t play video games, after all.

Since this would all take place in VR, you could give someone the same avatar to perform as another person, but that replacement would have to be well versed in FDVR, acting, and combat to top it all off. Besides, it’s much better to have the main character of a movie be consistent.

Using a hyper-realistic medium like FDVR means you don’t want it to feel unrealistic in any other way. You want it to feel as seamless as possible.

“Also, wouldn’t it generate more buzz if you really had the same person doing everything, considering it’s a brand-new use of technology?”

“Well, I’m sure it would be more interesting than if you used a stand-in…” I replied.

“It’s a game, so the battles can be as eye-catching as you want! Send spells flying back and forth! And they’re in charge of all the fantasy costumes.” Mr. Louis is flashing the peace sign.

Now I see his plan. In other words, he wants to use FDVR to create an incredibly realistic fantasy movie.

“Won’t it be too gory…?”

“But FLFO already has settings for gore. Can’t we play with that to get by?”

I see… Well, I’m sure he’ll think of something, since he’s a professional.

“Filming a realistic game to make a movie… Of course, you’ll have to adjust the angles and effects, right?”

“Of course.”

“And you’ll be coming up with a story?”

“Naturally.”

My sister speaks up. “I wanna see that!”

“You do, don’t you?!”

Mr. Noah and my sister are getting all excited, but…hmm…

Even livestreams of the game are pretty hype-inducing, and the official trailers and such gather huge amounts of views too. They could get rid of the Japanese server requirements and allow connections from overseas as well… Well, it sounds like they’re still thinking about it.

“This is still a ways off, right?” I ask.

“Right. Like I said, we’re in the negotiation stage, so it might not end up going anywhere. But my instincts tell me this would be a box-office hit. I think Future Software will go for it too. Still, it’ll be two more years at the very earliest, I think.”

“Make your own choice. I’ll support you if this is what you want, but if it’s not, I’ll make him back down,” says Eli.

“Feel free to take some time to think about it. Ah, but be careful of things like VR idol contracts. If you sign one of those, it’ll be harder to join our company in the future.”

I’d use the word “impossible” myself.

“But, Tasha, if you become a VR idol, you’ll never get to show off your real body.”

“That’s true. I don’t like the sound of that, but I’m not interested in being an idol in the first place.”

I watched my mom work, after all. She’s an actress, not an idol. I don’t want to go on silly variety shows. But aside from that…looking at this realistically, I just got scouted by one of the most famous CEOs in the world, right here in my own backyard.

Think about the money…

“Do VR actresses get to show their IRL bodies?”

“Ha ha! Is that what you think of my company? Of course they can show them off! If you go for the same path as your mother, you’ll be walking the red carpet someday down the line!”

“Also, Tasha!” Abby chimes in. “Everyone will be so surprised to see the VR character IRL!”

Does she have a point there?

“That’s true, Sis. VR players rarely make public appearances. You’ve gotta go for it!”

“If you want to join her, Rina, then put a little more work into your RP! I know your personality and background, and I know you’re great at full-dive games, so that just leaves the acting part! We’re professionals, so we won’t compromise in that regard. It’s really important when you’re just starting out!”

Yeah, they wouldn’t scout every top player just for the heck of it. Some of them already have jobs, or maybe they’re students, or maybe their personalities and backgrounds aren’t easy to figure out. A bunch of research would have to go into a player they really want to scout.

“Aside from my movements, I’m not exactly roleplaying at all…although I did go kind of crazy during the events. I had lines prepared for me and everything.”

“If you want it, then go for it!”

In other words, I’m supposed to do more roleplaying in the game as practice? I’m sure it’s faster to learn acting when you’re enjoying yourself, so I suppose I get it…

Well, it’s still two years away at the earliest, so I’ll be able to graduate high school, at least. I’ll take some time and think about it.

We chat some more as we eat, take our baths, and then the four of us girls have what basically amounts to a slumber party before bed. I mentally apologize to Mr. Skelly…but then I remember I can simply send him a message to explain the situation.
